hey guys I'm only proud look I am here
in Tatler's fashion cupboard for help
any gentleman for Tattler calm
I actually prefer casual I personally
prefer wearing casual clothes I like to
be really comfortable so for a girl I
quite like I didn't know somebody's
really cool relaxed maybe wear some like
cut-off denim shorts really cool baggy
t-shirt some accessories but at the same
time also when I go out I really like it
when a girl's really dressed up as well
so a little bit of both but I think most
of the time really casual
I personally don't think tweed Blazers
are stylish I know they have become a
bit of a style item for me because I
grew up in the countryside I always
relate to read Blazers to going shooting
and riding and stuff like that
none of which I've used to do so for me
I don't see them as a start like the
book
the sexiest thing I think a girl can
wear is a really long like red tight
cocktail dress or maybe an all-in-one
cat suit it's quite a big look the least
sexy
I'd say pajamas
I really like a deck I think it is kind
of last season but I think you can still
rock it
my favorite Aztec shot I got from Ralph
Lauren so if you had to Ralph around I
think you probably still get one
you should save a statement jacket for
really special occasions so if you go
into a party and you want to stand out
cases what I definitely wouldn't use it
at a wedding or a funeral both of which
where you should definitely not stand up
I think everyone on the shows has their
own individual look and everyone's
pretty you know pretty stylish I think
if I had to say the most stylish I would
say Milly Mac she is always very much
cooler and always looks good
I think the least I would have to say
I'm sorry mate but it would be Richard
Dinan I'm gonna give that shout on the
fact he will this t-shirt at the other
day which is on one of the episodes a
white t-shirt which had like silver
spikes like in the shoulders which other
things every good look so I probably
said Richard he's fashionable sorry me
so this has been for help I need a
gentleman for Tattler calm my name is
Ollie proud lock just been answering
your questions I will see you soon
take